
This application, information and ail supporting documents and data become the property of the
Monroe County Chapter of the Ohio Genealogical Society.
SPECIFICATIONS FOR TEIE PIONEER FAMILI~S OF MONROE COUNTY, OHIO
Any member of the Monroe County Chapter of the Ohio Genealogical Society who is a direct
descendant of an individual who settled in Monroe County by December 3 1, 1850 may become a
member of the Pioneer Families of Monroe County on the acceptance of an application with
proof of such descent and the payment of a S15.00 application fee. If the family is already
registered in First Families, then the application fee for Pioneer Families is $10.00. This
application must be accepted by the Pioneer Families ofMonroe County Committee and by the
Monroe County Chapter of the Ohio Genealogical Society Executive Board
Give volume andpageSor book references and give afacsimile copy of the pertinentpages, and
ofallp~blished or unpublished records usedfbrproof: Typed. handprinted or written copies of
documents, not certi,fied as "True Copies, " are not acceptable asprooJ: Published or
manuscript material authored by the applicant or hisfamily will not of themselves be accepted
asprooJ: Informationfor additional ancestral lines may be included on blankpages, showing
the tie-in to the line on the basic application if more than two lines are submitted, please
include an ancestral chart to show the inter-connections. Only blood lines are acceptable.
Authorities as to settlement in Ohio prior to December 31, 1850, upon whom eligibility is claimed~
Authorities as to descent: (List and include copies as stated above.) Each step must be proved:
1.
2.
3.
4.
5.
6.
I (do/do not) give my consent to Monroe Chapter, OGS and/or Pioneer Families ofMonroe Co. to
fUrnish information contained in this application to others.
I(do/do not) give my consent to Monroe Chapter OGS and/or Pioneer Families ofMonroe Co. to
publish the information contained in the Ancestor Chart(s) I have submitted.
I
application are true to the best of my knowledge.
do hereby swear that the statements set forth in this
Signature ofapplicant                                                   Date
