
Pioneer Families
Of
Monroe County, Ohio
RULES OF EVIDENCE
The rules of evidence applying to membership in Pioneer Families ofMonroe Countyfollow and are the
standardr by which all FFUCproofisjudged There are no exceptions. The nature and extent of the
evidence submitted as proof in all applications shall be su~icient to prove that the applicant is directly
descended_fi·om the pioneer ancestor(s) named in Box E ofthe FF1MC application blank, and su~icienl to
di~frerenriare between any two persons of the same name residing in the same area at the same time.
BASIC RULES
I.   Primary or collateral evidence fiom vital statistics, courthouse or other government records, church
records, schools records, etc., is usually considered excellent proof.
2.  Seconllarv evidence, such as census records, newspaper clippings, old letters, Bible or other family
records CONTEMPORARY TO THE FACTS REPORTED are considered almost as authentic.
3.  Circumstantial evidence implied facts or hearsay are not accepted as proof~mless backed up by
primary or secondary evidence.
4.  Oral, written, or published family traditions may be wrong and are NOT accepted as proof.
5.  Printed or manuscript genealogieS genealogical records or compilations, family group sheets and
charts, family reunion records and similar material are not considered proof. Unsupported
information fiom an amateur or a professional genealogist is not acceptable, including such records
printed in ~my genealogical, historical or similar publication.
Lineage papers, accepted or unaccepted, ~om other patriotic or hereditary societies by themselves are
not considered proof. The document copies, which were used to prove the lineage, MIGHT be
considered proof for FFMC if they follow these rules.
7.  Material authorized by the applicant or a member of his or her family cannot be considered as proof.
8.  Documents used as proofmust, either alone or in conjunction with other acceptable documents,
actually STATE THE FACT TO BE PROVED. Examples of implied proofwhich are not acceptable
are:
a.  Unnamed individuals specified in court records as "heirs" or "heirs-at-law" unless it is known
that applicable laws i the ·time included only bloodline descendants.
b.  Census records, which show the name of the head of the family only, along with numbers of
family members or others by age group, prove only the family head actually named. Next door or
close neighbors on a census or tax record do not prove any relationship by themselves.
c.   A father is not proved as being in an areajust because his child was born there. The birth only
proves the mother was there!
